we need to put out content every day
that is the currency of today's day and
age
content that compels people to take
action that compels people to improve
their lives that gives them what they
need to get on the path to
happiness essentially fulfillment that's
what every human being actually wants
secret life right there when we create
content that gets people into action
they're going to love us if your content
is just like oh okay they just
regurgitated that other blog post that
everybody else is parenting
it just falls flat but when it gets
people to change to shift three years
later you're gonna look back and this
will be the turning point for them
put out the kind of content that gets
people to say eff it i'm gonna do that
90-day challenge i'm gonna do it i'm
gonna break through i'm gonna do the
work because i'm tired of being stuck
preparing all the time i realize now
clearly
that i just have to start taking steps
doing my iterations
you